README.md, before:

Waves Intro
=============
"Waves Intro" is an educational simulation in HTML5, by <a href="https://phet.colorado.edu/" target="_blank">PhET Interactive Simulations</a>
at the University of Colorado Boulder.
For a description of this simulation, associated resources, and a link to the published version,
<a href="https://phet.colorado.edu/en/simulation/waves-intro" target="_blank">visit the simulation's web page</a>.

### Try it!

<a href="https://phet.colorado.edu/sims/html/waves-intro/latest/waves-intro_en.html" target="_blank">Click here to run "Waves Intro".</a>

<a href="https://phet.colorado.edu/sims/html/waves-intro/latest/waves-intro_en.html" target="_blank">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/phetsims/waves-intro/master/assets/waves-intro-screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot" style="width: 400px;"/>
</a>

### Documentation
The <a href="https://github.com/phetsims/phet-info/blob/master/doc/phet-development-overview.md" target="_blank">PhET Development Overview</a> is the most complete guide to PhET Simulation
Development. This guide includes how to obtain simulation code and its dependencies, notes about architecture & design, how to test and build
the sims, as well as other important information.

### Quick Start
(1) Clone the simulation and its dependencies:
```
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/assert.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/axon.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/babel.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/bamboo.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/brand.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/chipper.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/dot.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/griddle.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/joist.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/kite.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/perennial.git perennial-alias
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/phet-core.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/phetcommon.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/phetmarks.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/query-string-machine.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/scenery.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/scenery-phet.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/sherpa.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/sun.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/tambo.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/tandem.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/twixt.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/utterance-queue.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/wave-interference.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/waves-intro.git
```
(2) Start an http-server

(3) Open `http://localhost/waves-intro/waves-intro_en.html` (You will probably need to modify this URL based on your HTTP port and relative path.)

### Get Involved

Contact us at our Google Group: <a href="http://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/developing-interactive-simulations-in-html5" target="_blank">Developing Interactive Simulations in HTML5</a>

Help us improve, create a <a href="http://github.com/phetsims/waves-intro/issues/new" target="_blank">New Issue</a>

### License
See the <a href="https://github.com/phetsims/waves-intro/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">LICENSE</a>

Commit message:

Add TypeScript and grunt info to published READMEs, see https://github.com/phetsims/chipper/issues/1157

README.md, after:

Waves Intro
=============
"Waves Intro" is an educational simulation in HTML5, by <a href="https://phet.colorado.edu/" target="_blank">PhET Interactive Simulations</a>
at the University of Colorado Boulder.
For a description of this simulation, associated resources, and a link to the published version,
<a href="https://phet.colorado.edu/en/simulation/waves-intro" target="_blank">visit the simulation's web page</a>.

### Try it!

<a href="https://phet.colorado.edu/sims/html/waves-intro/latest/waves-intro_en.html" target="_blank">Click here to run "Waves Intro".</a>

<a href="https://phet.colorado.edu/sims/html/waves-intro/latest/waves-intro_en.html" target="_blank">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/phetsims/waves-intro/master/assets/waves-intro-screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot" style="width: 400px;"/>
</a>

### Documentation
The <a href="https://github.com/phetsims/phet-info/blob/master/doc/phet-development-overview.md" target="_blank">PhET Development Overview</a> is the most complete guide to PhET Simulation
Development. This guide includes how to obtain simulation code and its dependencies, notes about architecture & design, how to test and build
the sims, as well as other important information.

### Quick Start
(1) Clone the simulation and its dependencies:
```
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/assert.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/axon.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/babel.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/bamboo.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/brand.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/chipper.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/dot.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/griddle.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/joist.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/kite.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/perennial.git perennial-alias
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/phet-core.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/phetcommon.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/phetmarks.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/query-string-machine.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/scenery.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/scenery-phet.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/sherpa.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/sun.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/tambo.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/tandem.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/twixt.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/utterance-queue.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/wave-interference.git
git clone https://github.com/phetsims/waves-intro.git
```

(2) Change directory to `chipper/`, and install dependencies by running `npm install`

(3) Still in directory `chipper/`, transpile the code to JavaScript by running `node js/scripts/transpile.js` (or add `--watch` to enable a file watching process)

(4) Start an http-server

(5) Open in the browser: `http://localhost/waves-intro/waves-intro_en.html` (You will probably need to modify this URL based on your HTTP port and relative path.)

#### Optional: Build the simulation into a single file

(1) Change directory to the simulation directory: `cd waves-intro`

(2) Build the sim: `grunt --brands=adapted-from-phet`

(3) Open in the browser: `http://localhost/waves-intro/build/adapted-from-phet/waves-intro_en_adapted-from-phet.html` (You will probably need to modify this URL based on your HTTP port and relative path.)

### Get Involved

Contact us at our Google Group: <a href="http://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/developing-interactive-simulations-in-html5" target="_blank">Developing Interactive Simulations in HTML5</a>

Help us improve, create a <a href="http://github.com/phetsims/waves-intro/issues/new" target="_blank">New Issue</a>

### License
See the <a href="https://github.com/phetsims/waves-intro/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">LICENSE</a>
